docs: add pre/post processing docs for langchain python (#2378)
googleapis/genai-toolbox: docs/en/samples/pre_post_processing/python.md

---
title: "(Python) Pre and post processing"
type: docs

> weight: 4

Author: Updated. Accidentally skipped this one while copying the format

description: >
  How to add pre and post processing to your Python toolbox applications.
---

## Prerequisites

This tutorial assumes that you have set up a basic toolbox application as described in the [local quickstart](../../getting-started/local_quickstart).

This guide demonstrates how to implement these patterns in your Toolbox applications.

## Implementation

{{< tabpane persist=header >}}
{{% tab header="ADK" text=true %}}
Coming soon.
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab header="Langchain" text=true %}}

> The following example demonstrates how to use `ToolboxClient` with LangChain's middleware to implement pre and post processing for tool calls.

Reviewer: Will this be relevant with other implementation as well (e.g. ADK will also demonstrate how to use it with `ToolboxClient`)? If yes, we might want to move this to pre-tabpane. With the tab header, it should be clear that this will be LangChain's implementation. Feel free to keep it here if ADK are not using the ToolboxClient.

---
title: "Python"
type: docs
weight: 1
description: >
  How to add pre- and post- processing to your Python toolbox applications.
---

## Prerequisites

> This tutorial assumes that you have set up a basic toolbox application as described in the [local quickstart](../../getting-started/local_quickstart).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial assumes that you have set up Toolbox with a basic agent as described in the [local quickstart](../../getting-started/local_quickstart).
```
